Welcome to the let's play of
300 rise of an empire your glory is waiting
I'm of that is once again
mobile game now for the upcoming movie
300 and we jump the same right in
the battle and catch the first one
level up
the whole game is unfortunately only very short
So you will only follow four for the time being
can see from the play
The game simply serves as a teaser for
the upcoming movie
but of course I do not want it for you
withheld even if it is short
is good, it definitely makes a lot
fun and I can not do it here
somehow just do not do that
we now here together put them together
attacked and the ships are just
not so easy when the area of
just arrive
Pages 1 from all sides we can
we can do normal attacks as well
To block
with our shield will block or enter
Shield strike is also quite good and
such a really nice finishing move
we'll get there, too
really nice 300 the part
how it works in kinofilm so
it also works on mine here
canal so easy times head-on the ship
R.A.M
but that is the consequence already
over again does not write
thought that's who super short
been no sorry people
we have two more minutes yes that is
So not the problem of the game so
There were many many negative reports
So about the game itself is good yes
but is just over there too fast
now the moment would have come
that's the and build now, so to speak
come let's see how this still a
can delay a bit here
every case that such a finishing move
Do such a thing for example and so
Shield strike we have to make it
all nice extra points
53,000 points is just not like that
there is a lot
he has somehow so many more points
Rarely ever saw anyone so much
points it to players
he probably already has one
played a bit longer and just there
founded the high scores up and down
but is actually a nice sign
for the developer if such a game
fun made the people easy
to price it up a bit
I just hope it really
been like that and that he did not
somehow through in the pot did
to let
we can go on here again
hardly more persian wish on the
movie very much looking forward to the last movie
Well
this is all considered with suspicion
just a continuation of a film of
that's pretty good for the most part
never followers as good as that
actually original game or the eye
the original movie we think so many
So many have many
fans of the film already a bit
fear
Gerard Butler is not there either
I think he will be in one at most
to see a film clip shortly
but that 's it then
beautiful Spartan enters here and now
but thank you for watching
tomorrow we will see the next episode and
then we see like the battle
continues against artemis until then
Hello